days after deadly attacks by Hamas many
Israelis are still left wondering about
the whereabouts and well-being of their
relatives I'm joined Now by Shir havron
who has a dozen family members who you
believe to have been kidnapped and being
held hostage she wrote welcome to DW can
you tell us what you know about your
relatives so far yeah um so
basically on Saturday morning we got the
news that the kibuts was raided byas
and we lost contact with 11 of our
family members that hid in their
shelters um and since then haven't heard
anything maybe seen just a bit someone
of the family members in a video but
lost contact and we got two pieces of
information that led us to believe that
their houses were burned down and were
empty so now we believe that they're in
the Gaza Strip hopefully
alive how do you feel so many family
members so little
information I never thought I would be
in this situation it feels very surreal
and really hard to grasp this new
reality it's probably half of my family
from My Father's
Side people who are I grow grew up in
their houses with their
kids um it's hard to communicate this
and be
in touch with my feelings because it
takes a lot of strength to tell the
story for my cousins who might be
orphans for the the young kids who were
kidnapped who are eight and 3 years old
my cousin's kids it's
very hard to put it in words just I can
just say that I I really don't wish it
to anyone to be in this
situation yeah thank you for trying to
put it into words for us and you've also
been putting it into words here at the
European Parliament we're in
Brussels you want to put those words
into actions what would you what's your
ask what's your request of
parliamentarians and the European Union
in
general we ask the people here um to act
and put pressure upon our government to
um um arrange some kind of a deal where
in which the the the people in captivity
will return to their homes as soon as
possible because time time is
the clock is every minute we
stand here talking is time where injured
people might be dying my family may may
be dying and before the war
gets will move on and people will forget
about those people who are there and
bombed and and destroy everything we
want them back and we ask people here to
put a pressure talk talk to whoever they
need to talk act and and activate their
their effect in our region and help us
get out of this
situation um this is what we're asking
for Shir you said you would like to put
pressure on your government so you are
Israeli you were traveling here in
Europe when you got this Dreadful news
there's also a lot of anger toward the
Israeli government is that how you
feel of
course it's very complicated
relationship with the government in my
country it's a very complicated place to
live in we are people who support peace
and equality and rights for All Humans
no matter who they are and what's their
religion or origion or anything
so we feel abandoned right now and the
fact that we are here is is a desperate
act to ask for more
help to to solve the situation because
our government is is is is busy with
stuff that are not my family right now
and I want my family back this is what I
want it has never been this personal it
has never been this this size of
catastroph me catastrophe for me
personally and obviously it's it's very
hard feelings to to ask people who are
not my government for help even though
it's also their responsibility
but the fact that it's so
desperate and the time has passed it's
been 96 hours and nothing has been done
we can't hear from them we can't see
them and it's not just me I'm just a
representative of my
family you said you wouldn't wish this
feeling on
anyone we both know the most likely
outcome here is that there will be more
innocent Bloodshed particularly in Gaza
among
Palestinians how do you feel about that
as I said I grew up on values of
equality and Humanity for everyone and
it's the same it's never changed it's
the same here even though my family 11
members of my family half of my family
are missing my heart are is with with
the all with the other families who
suffer from the same situations isra and
Palestinians obviously it has always
been this way for me this is the only
way to live I was born in Israel I'm an
Israeli by birth this is my family this
is where I grew up
in but I care for other people I want
this to stop I want the stopping in
Israel to stop and I want the bombing in
Gaza to stop I want everyone to live in
peace this is a very large request right
now so right now I'm taking care of my
family but once it's done and hopefully
the result will be them coming back to
us alive each and every one of them
young kids grandfathers parents three
generations that are missing once it's
done I I just want everything to end I
want everyone to live in peace I want
families kids from here from Gaza from
the West Bank all over the world to feel
safe this is the basic human right this
is a very important
message I just everyone suffers because
of it
everyone it's not
one-sided and people have to remember
this even in this situation in the
hardest time this is the time to
remember it Shar havon thank you so much
for speaking to DW and and sharing your
story with
us